For this lab we had to create GCD. So, we had to have two input numbers and output on the led. We had to determine the GCD of those two numbers and output this GCD on the led. Since input for the switches is only four bits, I created a variable step to enter numbers in two steps - upper four bits and bottom four bits for my first and second numbers. I also added a reset button which is key[1] for convenience. So since my step is a two bit number every time I click key[0] the value of switches is written in respective location in number one and number two and when it reaches 11 value it will reset automatically to 00. Then I am checking if step is 0 and if it is, it means I can modify my numbers and check them. Since it doesn’t matter if the number is negative for GCD I’m making negative numbers positive - checking the first bit and if it’s one reversing bits and adding one. Then there's a simplified Euclid’s algorithm - so if the second number is 0 GCD is the first number, if the first number is more, set the first number to their difference (a-b), if not to the difference but from b subtract a. Finally, I’m assigning the value of the led variable to the actual output LED. I also wrote a simulation, where I’m checking two inputs. In the report form graph, some values are not represented or more precisely cannot be seen since, for instance, when I am assigning the lower 4 bits of the second number the evaluation starts immediately and can be seen only very closely so in PDF it is not represented, but the correct output is shown since calculation are correct. 